Hey there, so quickly, I wanted to show you what exactly our function is going to look like now,
if you haven't set up Firebase yet in a way that allows you to go onto the blaze plan.
I would suggest you go back to the bonus section on the Google integration.
And over there we go through the step by step process of how to set up functions and how to go through
it.
We don't want to repeat ourselves here.
So just go back to the bonus Google section if you're having any trouble getting your functions up and
running and setting up your business plan.
Now, what you can see over here is that we have a third function we will be deploying called meals
to go pay.
And this will expose a payment and point that we will then use in order to process our payments.
And this is going to be a function that is going to be vital to us in order to achieve our goals.
Now, one thing I do want to point out is if you're doing a firebase configuration here, the way that
we originally did it is we put it all into one project, all into one singular project, both our authentication
as well as our servers.
What I can tell you is that it is completely possible for you to split the firebase functions into one
project and the authentication to another.
And the way that you do that is you just create two separate projects in one project.
You set up the authentication portion like we did before.
Just the same steps to set up authentication in Firebase like we did.
And then instead of setting up functions in that same project, you can create a secondary project and
you can enable that one onto the police plan and then set up functions.
Now, is this necessary?
No, this is completely optional.
And I just want to point that out in case you wanted to separate out the authentication and the servers.
This is completely optional.
This is a completely optional way of of doing that.
And I wanted to point it out more so not because you need to do this, but some some of you may be more
advanced in the configuration and wanting to understand maybe a more scalable way of setting this up.
And so I wanted to showcase that to you.
Again, this is completely optional and we do not support this first hand in our integration because
it is not a necessary step, but it is something that you can look at.
So with that said, when we go over to your to our functions, we're going to have three functions and
the third function being the function is what we will be focusing on.
This is the function that we will be trying to deploy in order to handle the majority of the strike
payments.
But now comes the question, more like I get it, we need this firebase function, but where do we start?
Where do we what do we do in order to get stripe into our code base?
That's a good question.
It's a very good question.
Well, the very first step we need to do is figure out how we're going to get straight into our riak
need of application.
Before we go ahead and try to process payments, so let's take a look at how that would work.